//// Added
Paranoia 

//// To Add
Don't touch the can (each person holds 1 end of a small rope and they have to try and swing the other person into a trash can/bucket. First person to touch the can loses) 
Don't get me started ( one person is given a topic and they have to go on a rant about why they hate that thing) 
Illuminati (one person is given 2 topics and has to connect them in a crazy conspiracy theory) 
World's greatest expert (one person is given a topic and has to give a detailed lecture of it. Other players can even ask questions) 
Blind video game tournament ( pair up and each partnership has 1 person who can see the screen and another person with the controller) 
Halfsies (pair up. Each person in partnership controls 1 half of the controller) 
Never have I ever 
Psychologist (choose someone who's it. They leave the room. decide on a rule players must follow. 'it' comes back and asks questions person by person to try and figure out the rule.) 
Ghost in the graveyard 
Mission impossible 
Sardines (reverse hide and seek) 
Sharks and minnows 
Bippity Boppity Boo 
- Bippity Boppity Boo 
- Chicken 1-10 
- Elephant 
- Fireworks 
- Viking 
Baby do you love me? 
Get down Mr. President 
Assassin 
Mafia 
I'm going on a trip 
Red light green light 
I'm thinking of a character 
Pointer snatch
- Left hand out, right pointer finger touching palm of next person. When Facilitator says go, you try to grab finger of the person on your left. If you get grabbed or go early, you're out. 
Stinger
- Facilitator chooses a person to be the "killer." The killer kills by shaking hands and injecting poison into the person's wrist by pressing lightly with their index finger. The victim must die a loud and terrible death exactly 3 handshakes after being stung. The group tries to guess who the killer is by accusing. It takes two people to make an accusation and they have to do it at the same time. If they are both wrong, they both die and the killer continues until s/he is caught. 
Signs 
Kick the can 
Marco Polo Nerf tag 
123321
7's
Clapping game 
Irish twister 
Catch the snap 
Winker
- Everyone sits in a circle and puts their heads down while the facilitator chooses the “winker.” The winker can "kill" anyone by winking at him or her during eye contact. That person must then count to ten and then "die." Object: to catch the "winker" in the act and make an accusation. If the accusation is wrong, then the accuser dies. If right, then you chose another "winker."
Human knot
Laser tag/flashlight tag